c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\NewspaperKids.Services.dll.config
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\NewspaperKids.Services.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\NewspaperKids.Services.pdb
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\NewspaperKids.Data.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\NewspaperKids.Models.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\NewspaperKids.Data.pdb
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\NewspaperKids.Models.pdb
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\obj\Debug\NewspaperKids.Services.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\obj\Debug\NewspaperKids.Services.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\obj\Debug\NewspaperKids.Services.pdb
C:\Users\SilentAngel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\SilentAngel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Services\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
