c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\csi.exe.config
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Console.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.Process.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Compression.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.DriveInfo.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Pipes.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Security.AccessControl.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Claims.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Threading.Thread.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\System.ValueTuple.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\NewspaperKids.Web.dll.config
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\NewspaperKids.Web.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\NewspaperKids.Web.pdb
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\NewspaperKids.Data.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\NewspaperKids.Models.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\NewspaperKids.Services.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Owin.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\NewspaperKids.Data.pdb
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\NewspaperKids.Models.pdb
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\NewspaperKids.Services.pdb
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\obj\Debug\NewspaperKids.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\obj\Debug\NewspaperKids.Web.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\obj\Debug\NewspaperKids.Web.pdb
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\PagedList.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\PagedList.xml
c:\Users\SilentAngel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewspaperKids\NewspaperKids.Web\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
